Beth Anne Tamburrino
Matron of Honor
Beth Anne Tamburrino first met Falon at Princetown Church, where a spontaneous proposal from Beth Anne led them to race through an inflatable obstacle course. It was a competitive adventure they shared multiple times before the children arrived!
Since that fun day, Falon and Beth Anne teamed up for several years, finding joy and laughter while working with the little ones at VBS. What began as a friendly competition has blossomed into a wonderful friendship that has lasted for 15 years.
Beth Anne wears many hats; she is a dedicated wife to Epifanio, a loving mother to Angelina, and a teacher who has shared her passion for mathematics with her students for over 27 years. Beyond her professional life, she loves to travel, run Spartans obstacle course races, read, and attend concerts, just to name a few!


Madeline Schanz
Bridesmaid
Hello, my name is Madeline! I work as a chemical engineer, but in my free time, I love to crochet, hike and travel! I’m so grateful to have met Aaron and Falon while Aaron was attending RPI, and I can’t wait to be a part of this celebration!


Ashley Slebonick
Bridesmaid
Ashley first met Falon in 2022 at her wedding to Falon’s cousin, Andrew. Since then, they have spent time together at family gatherings where they have enjoyed conversations about many topics including Falon’s love for geology and one very cute dog named, Rucker! Ashley is so excited that Falon has found her person in Aaron and is eager to be a part of Falon’s special day to celebrate her marriage into the Reers family.


Shayna Batyrov
Bridesmaid
Shayna Batyrov first met Falon through work at the Department of Environmental Conservation. A chemical engineering graduate from RPI, Shayna now works alongside Falon in the remediation unit, where they’ve developed a strong professional partnership and, over time, a great friendship.
Outside of work, Shayna loves to travel and learn new languages. She’s incredibly honored to be part of Falon’s big day and can’t wait to celebrate this amazing new chapter with her!


Sarah Tedesco
Bridesmaid
Sarah has been friends with Aaron since college and got to witness the first stages of his relationship with Falon. They spent lots of time together in their college apartment making memories and growing closer as a group. She is so excited to see them take on this next chapter together! In her personal life, Sarah is currently a Ph.D. Candidate at RPI studying neuronal cell biology. Congratulations to the Reers!!


Angelina Tamburrino
Flower Girl
Angelina Tamburrino has known Falon her whole life.  She has been in wedding expos at Princetown Church with Falon, cheered Falon on at volleyball games and enjoyed many celebrations with the Treis family, especially the fall hayrides.
Angelina is involved in a motley of activities.  She is a second degree black belt in TaeKwondo and is on the Demo Team.  She also loves to play the flute and is in the Empire State Youth Flute Choir.  Above everything else, she is focused on her academics and her love to sing worship songs.


Kyle Reers
Best Man
Kyle is Aaron's brother, best man, and lifelong best friend. They spent their childhood playing tons of video games, running, and pretty much everything in between. Kyle is now working as actuarial assistant and having a good time with his buddies from University of South Carolina. Go Cocks!


Nicholas Oertel
Groomsman
Nick met Aaron in a math class freshman year, and have stayed close through D&D, a podcast, and telling stupid jokes until ungodly hours. Nick is a member of the Bio Boys, a freshman biology class that forged lifelong friendships. Nick is working for the state and will soon be pursuing his PhD in Economics. In his free time, he is no stranger to the gym (best in the world), watching college basketball, or researching a new topic for the podcast.


Troy Stagg
Groomsman
Troy and Aaron met in Freshman year of high school, where they shared a mutual passion for being terrible at soccer. Since then, they have bonded through every nerdy activity imaginable, whether it be video games, DnD, or study sessions. To this day, they continue to instigate each other much to their own amusement and others' confusion.


Ryan Schnur
Groomsman
"Coding, coffee, and cold beer. Go Birds". Ryan and Aaron first met freshman year of college in the dorms and quickly became great friends through the Eagles, engineering, and the infamous freshman year biology class.


Frank Matranga
Groomsman
Frank and Aaron met freshman year as mutual friends of Sarah. They became great friends themselves after the best biology class in history, and continued as friends through the paranormal podcast, various video and board games, and several drunk powerpoint presentations. Frank works for a startup company as a software developer and spends a lot of time hosting fun shindigs for his friends.